This is just a quick place to hold the files I used to make my H2G2 Surface Duo skin. If I do more skins I might make try to actually figure out how to do this GitHub thingy. Since Cricut seems to not want us to share project files, I'm just uploading the SVGs with links back to the original sources for now. I cut the thumb logo at 1.25" wide and the "Don't Panic" at 2.5" wide. They're layered directly on top of the v1.1 Surface Duo skin which is the same as lala's v1 but without the bounding box.

Since I have the bumper, I manually cut the back "cover" skin approximately 18 mm from the edge so that a piece can be put on top of the bumper and the main piece just barely slots under the edge of the bumper. I only did this last night, so IDK if it will stick to the bumper permanently. If I do another skin, I'll try to remember to drop a line on the SVG so I don't have to pull out the knife again!

1) Hitchhiker thumb originally from (https://global-uploads.webflow.com/61cb87c118979013b4f7938b/62b20fea026b91dbc56619c9_Hitchikers%20Guide%20to%20the%20Galaxy.svg). I removed the background so it would be easier to cut, but it might be better to use the original so you can have a box to trim the exterior material out of your sheet first. I manually added boxes around the "Don't Panic" and thumb before cutting.

2) "Don't Panic" text from Wikimedia (Make sure to "attach" before cutting or the Cricut software will "optimize" the letter placment): https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Don%27t_Panic.svg
